Mr.Yamamura told us the overseas research report divided into three sessions. I will describe what I have learned in each session.
1.	About Windows VIP Summit 2013
Before talking of this Summit, he told tour members from Japan. I was surprised to hear that, the many companies are closer to the Microsoft Japan compare with the JRI. I will describe the reason in the following, it is very important to have connection with the Microsoft Japan.
In this summit, the main topic is Windows 8.1 as a new Windows OS. Windows 8.1 improve user experience from Windows 8 in response to user feedback. I know that Windows 8 have a bad reputation like as Windows 8 have no Start button. I think that, Metro UI is good intarface for touch device. (like Smartphone, Tablet etc) However, many user including me would have felt embarrassed. Until upgrade to Windows 8, the UI is changed little by little, Metro UI is very big change. I thought that it is very difficult to change user accepting thing. Department that I belong have Vpass reneal project. When I am involved in this project, I want to put in mind that I felt.
In addition, Windows 8 update to Windows 8.1, it will include update InternetExproler. InternetExproler have very big share in Internet browser . Vpass is a Web service, so it is important to consider the compatibility of the Internet browser. Therefore, if there is the connection with Microsoft Japan, it is easier to consider the compatibility of the Internet browser. If there is an opportunity to have an exchange with Microsoft Japan, I would want to participate actively.
2.	About Microsoft headquarter
Mr.Yamamura also told us about case study and discussion with Japanese companies, when he visited Microsoft headquarter. Fuji television migrate all PCs from Windows XP to  Windows 8, because want to more security. Certainly, migrate all of PCs to Windows 8 is risky and costly, however as companies that deal with information, I felt that it is correct posture. 
In addition, Fuji television is planning to change their work style as paperless with tablet device. I think this effort is very difficult, because it is difficult to change work style who work many years. However, if large company as Fuji television take the initiative, many companies work style will change. I think that we also as not to lose, we should push paperless. (Also for the enviroment, also to reduce costs.)

3.	About English study
Mr.Yamamura told us to introduce about himself in terms of English. He said that studying English espand the width of the work, and fulfilling a private. I was impressed by some specific stories about him, I felt that lets study English. In order to increase the motivation, first I try to study TOEIC.
